low simone a luxury friendly with
the Saint Victor excellent result 11
which nevertheless bodes well for a good one
beginning of this trapani if I think it is
It was a good training test
personally make a little for the phallus
from rigor because he was good at
then hook up to get the rigor
but okay this has nothing to do with it
I think we did a very good one
performance in the sense that we have
tried to do what in these
five days we tried it in
training, however, are summer friendly
therefore they give you self-confidence but confidence
nothing starts again tomorrow because
our goal the championship sites
from Liguria to play against the sampdoria vi
never played against the samp
the first time as a fan from sun doriano
it was a particular emotion
but then when the whistle leaves
start goes off all season of
drills how started this pickup thing
think of this team as it is
working the coach we are working
well under the physical aspect below
the tactical aspect we still have so much
to do, however, the fact that the new ones
the old are made available
we are trying to get them integrated into
as short as possible
we are trying to make him understand that
to be in drills
it is an important square and it is above all
an Easter family with drills not
start this adventure again with you
finding in retreat here has when
very well I start a new one anyway
adventure after four years spent at
Terni and positive truth I have
immediately integrated well with the boys with
the team mates that made me
feel immediately at home then also
last warehouse workers with all the staff
technician so I'm happy and am
load for this new adventure that
company which environment you found
however a family because it is true
how much a family say pentacoli e
true sense of the word in fact all me
they welcomed the match at
captain place that I stay in the room with him
but also the other boys who above all
on the same side, so I am
found immediately well
where this trapani can arrive
target your personal team
my personal goal which you are looking for
continuity to play as much as possible
that's what's coming in this league
of the team I think it's the first
objective then that of salvation
what is all earned
because in the end we are a small one
a reality that, however, knows how it does its thing
so let's try to keep our heads down
without creating pindaric flights and therefore
let's try to stay with everyone
feet on the ground and what comes
however, everything is earned
specifically the game today
with the sampdoria 1 1 time the team of
series to a good result anyway
good test because we faced one
team that already and from work from
15 18 days because I support the first one
July could have been ahead of us
of preparation on the 30 prepare this
important game that we have then
it was a good test for us and i guess
having dealt with sales we have
faced everyone well with the right
spirit and with the right desire to
play the ball and we also put it
at times in difficulty we could win
how could we lose but in the end yes
they enjoyed it because it was one
game anyway we gave it all
and we tried anyway to do the
things the coach asked us